selinux rules are checked after DAC rules, and selinux rules aren't used
if the DAC rules deny access.

selinux has it's own users, linux users are mapped to these.

selinux default action is to deny. If an selinux rule does not exitst to
allow access, such as for process opening a file, access is denied.

selinux is able to confine users. A number of selinux users exist in
selinux policy. Linux users can be mapped to these uses to restrict
their behaviour.

SELinux Modes

Enforcing - SELinux policy is enforced. SELinux denies access based on
SELinux policy rules.

Permissive - SELinux policy is not enforced. SELinux does not deny
access, but denials are logged for actions that would have been denied
if running in enforcing mode.

to check what mode selinux is in use getenforce.

> getenforce

Enforcing

change to permissive with 

> setenforcing 0

> getenforcing

Permissive

> setenforcing 1

> getenforcing

Enforcing

SELinux Contexts

Processes and files are labeled with an SELinux context that contains
additional information, such as -

SELinux user

Role

type

level

SELinux uses a combination of RBAC, TE and MLS. 

To configure selinux users you use the semanage command. This command is
found in the policycoreutils-python.

to list all selinux users run:

> semanage login -l

level

The leve is an attribute of MLS and MCS. An MLS range is a pair of
levels, written as lowlevel - highlevel if the levels differ or lowlevel
if the levels are identical (s0 -s0 is the same as s0). Each level is a
sensistivity-category pair, with categories being optional. If there are
categories the level is written as sensitivity:category-set. If there
are no categories, it is written as sensitivity.

If the category set is a contiguous series, it can be written as c0.c3,
and is the same as c0,c1,c2,c3. The /etc/selinux/targeted/setrans.conf
file maps levels to human-readable form. Do not use an editor to alter
this file, amend using the semange cmd. 

RHEL supports 1024 different categories, c0 - c1023.

s0-s0:c0.c1023 is sensitivity s0 and authorized for all categories.

Domain Transititions

A process in one domain transitions to another domain by executing an
application that has the entrypoint type dor the new domain. The
entrypoint permission is used in selinux policy and econtrols which
applications can be used to enter a domain.

system\_r - this is a role used for a system process, such as a daemons.

id -Z command will show the selinux context associated with your linux
user. By default RHEL linux users run unconfined by default.

*Glossary*

SELinux - Security Enhanced Linux

MAC - Mandatory Access Control

DAC - Discretionary Access Control

RBAC - Role-Based Access Control

TE - Type Enforcement

MLS - Multi-Level Security

MCS - Muti-Category Security

LSPP - Labeled Security Protection Profile
