*1xx Informational*

* *

100 - Continue

This class of status code indicates a provisional response, consisting
only of the Status-Line and optional headers, and is terminated by an
empty line. There are no required headers for this class of status code.
Since HTTP/1.0 did not define any 1xx status codes, servers MUST NOT
send a 1xx response to an HTTP/1.0 client except under experimental
conditions.

A client MUST be prepared to accept one or more 1xx status responses
prior to a regular response, even if the client does not expect a 100
(Continue) status message. Unexpected 1xx status responses MAY be
ignored by a user agent.

Proxies MUST forward 1xx responses, unless the connection between the
proxy and its client has been closed, or unless the proxy itself
requested the generation of the 1xx response. (For example, if a

proxy adds a "Expect: 100-continue" field when it forwards a request,
then it need not forward the corresponding 100 (Continue) response(s).)

100 - Contine

101 - Switching Protocols

The requester has asked the server to switch protocols and the server
has agreed.

102 - Processing

*2xx Success*

This class of status codes indicates the action requested by the client
was recieved, understood, acceptedand processed successfully.

200 - OK

Standard response for a successful HTTP request.Â 

201 - Created

The request has been fulfilled, resulting in the creation of a new
resource.

202 - Accepted

The request has been accepted for processing, but the processing has not
been completed.

203 - Non-Authoritative Information

The server is a transforming proxy that recieved a 200 OK from its
origin, but is returing a modified version of the origin's responses.

204 - No Content

The server successfully processed the request and is returning no
content.

205 - Reset Content

The server successfully processed the request, but is not returning any
content. Unlike a 204 this response requires that the requester reset
the document view.

206 - Partial Content

The server is delivering only part of the resource due to a range header
sent by the client. The range header is used by HTTP clients to enable
resuming of interrupted downloads, or split a download into multiple
simulaneous steams.

207 - Multi-Status

208 - Already Reported

226 - IM Used

*3xx Redirection*

301 - Moved Permanently

302 - Found

303 - See Other

304 - Not Modified

305 - Use Proxy

306 - Switch Proxy

307 - Temporary Redirect

308 - Permanent Redirect

*4xx Client Error*

400 - Bad Request

401 - Unauthorized

402 - Payment Required

403 - Forbidden

404 - Not Found

405 - Method Not Allowed

406 - Not Acceptable

407 - Proxy Authentication Required

408 - Requested Timeout

409 - Conflict

410 - Gone

411 - Length Required

412 - Precondition Failed

413 - Payload Too Large

414 - URI Too Long

415 - Unsupported Media Type

416 - Range Not Satisfiable

417 - Expectation Failed

418 - I'm a teapot

421 - Misdirected Request

422 - Unprocessable Entity

423 - Locked

424 - Failed Dependency

426 - Upgrade Required

428 - Precondition Required

429 - Too Many Requests

431 - Request Header Fields Too Large

451 - Unavailable For Legal Reasons

*5xx Server Error*

500 - Internal Server Error

501 - Not Implemented

502 - Bad Gateway

503 - Service Unavailable

504 - Gateway Timeout

505 - HTTP Version Not Supported

506 - Variant Also Negotiates

507 - Insufficient Storage

508 - Loop Detected

510 - Not Extended

511 - Network Authentication Required

*Unofficial Codes*

to be finished
